Single attachment (#376)
cap-js/attachments: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).

## Version 3.13.0

### Added

> - Ability to use a single attachment instead of a composition. This can be done simply when creating an entity by having a field look something like `myAttachment : Attachment;`, without the composition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to use a single attachment instead of a composition. This can be done simply when creating an entity by having a field of type Attachment without the composition value
  Example:
  ```cds
  entity MyEntity {
    title: String;
    attachment: Attachment;
  }
  ```
```

Reviewer: the example is broken because of the ``` just an example
